excludeactor TM_Monster
excludeactor TM_Boss
excludeactor TM_Undead
excludeactor TM_Anthropod
excludeactor TM_Creeper
excludeactor TM_Zombie
excludeactor TM_ZombieBaby
excludeactor TM_Skeleton
excludeactor TM_SkeletonStray
excludeactor TM_SkeletonWither
excludeactor TM_Spider
excludeactor TM_SpiderCave
excludeactor TM_Enderman
excludeactor TM_Ghast
excludeactor TM_Pigman
excludeactor TM_PigmanBaby
excludeactor TM_PigmanZombie
excludeactor TM_PigmanZombieBaby
excludeactor TM_Blaze
excludeactor TM_Wither
excludeactor TM_EnderDragon
excludeactor TM_Herobrine